This is your best friend Qiao Qinghe's husband Lin Fan.
See if he has this pendant on him.
Bring him to me
This is Jin He's husband
I'll help him you can be torn a little longer
But your parents
You can't wait forever.
What do you want me to do?
Huh how to do it
This is my special medicine
Put this medicine into wine
When he passes out, tie it to me
Your parents can go
I promise you.
Leave me alone
Yufan, why haven't you been fated?
This wine gun is stunned
Umbrellas are familiar to me.
Just a little dose
Can't hurt me at all
Then you heard what I just said
You are Qinghe's best friend
But set up a plot against him
Lower hand freehand
I wouldn't have let you go
Thinking of your filial piety
I'll spare your life this time
This is not an example.
Ning Fan, thank you for understanding my difficulties.
But even if you forgive me
Those thugs won't spare my parents either
If anything were to happen to my parents
Then what else do I have to miss in this world?
What do you want?
Help me.
Take it to real-world friends.
You're going to help me save my parents
Hurry up before I regret it